hey guys ridin and my vlog yesterday at
my camera died my phone died and I just
fell asleep I was really tired but I
wanted show you guys my outfit for today
because we are going to nut we're going
to an outlet mall
we're gonna go to eat oh no no what else
we're gonna do but my outfit my necklace
my grandma gave me a thing it's I don't
even know what it's from shirt is from
neutral on certain strum what see oh
this is so skirt I wear to the concert
and then the shoes I'm wearing are just
my Wet Seal black shoes my hair is just
Ana braids makeup is kind of crazy
though but I have to go because they're
all waiting for me of course
but I will see you guys when I get
wherever we're going hey guys so i'm
ivan blocked at all but we are at the
outlet mall and just kind of looks like
this there there's more way over there
but i went ashore loose and races and
got stuff there
and now we're driving to the other side
of the outlet moma and we're going to
Famous Footwear in route 21 oh there's
more over there it's a really big it's
thought out Albert bill outlet mall yeah
it's really big so if you've ever been
there
tell me so I'll talk to you hi guys what
are you doing trying on shoes you see
them you see animals clothes
I'm so wearing things and when I came
into Famous Footwear I'm wearing a skirt
and there's a big gust of wind and it
blew it up so I flashed a lot of people
I want to find the girl fans but I can't
find them because I want to look at the
gray ones because I have the black ones
but do you know where the girl fans are
hey guys so I just got out of route 21
and I shopping for a while and this is
the like outlet mall like all those
buildings and then there's more back
there more over there so it's a really
big outlet mall now we're gonna go to
Maple Grove and that's where my cousin's
actually used to live do it oh so we're
gonna go there cuz they had a super
target there and we want to go find
twins shirts because we're going to the
game tomorrow and then we're gonna head
back to the hotel and I need a film stop
guys
she is so awkward oh and I have to fill
my July favorites and a halt I'm done
shopping hey guys so we're in Super
Target right now it's a really super it
also has a Starbucks so I guess I was
havin a Starbucks this whole entire trip
at Caribou I need my Starbucks and I
don't know if I've told you this but my
my concealer I can't find it anywhere
from ELF so um I stocked up I got like
four and a new eyelash curler so cool
we're in hey so we just got a super
target and I just got a cool I'm
refresher
I just got tall and I got twin shirt and
some other stuff and I'm gonna do a
whole the stuff I got I don't know when
it's gonna be a bow so but we're gonna
drive through like these stores my mommy
is to find a twin church as I found one
and if I can find it because I think
there's a forever 21 in one of these
stores I'm gonna run in and try to find
something for one of my friend's
birthday
hey guys so I have to go back downstairs
to get my shoes I got cuz I got new
shoes and then I'm gonna film a haul and
then we're gonna probably figure out
where we're gonna go to eat cuz I'm kind
of looking at this pizza place decide if
we're gonna go out or are we gonna order
in I kind of gonna go out but I kinda
want to order in they really want
another pool just really about hey guys
so what we are going to dinner and I
changed because I didn't want to wear a
skirt to a pizza place so I am putting I
literally just put the wrong shoe on
awesome okay well I'm wearing the Sun
power shirt from Wet Seal my heist
Church from Levi's I'm gonna say and
then she is from what seal also but I
have to put them on the right feet so
I'm uploading my vlog from Wednesday and
let's just say it's gonna take 3 min 363
minutes to upload so that's that's just
great it was about right I am gonna go
in the elevator and go eat okay
and our pizzas are kind of but this one
is the boss and it just says so mommy
and what else is starting there started
mayor whatever that is and cheese and
then this one's the Athena which is just
a great fruit pizza they're really good
and I just love pizza so it's even
better and this one has like layers of
salami if you could see that big yellow
so we're in the room and I found my hole
and now I edited my hall
I know it's exporting if it loads
yep it's exporting and I am uploading my
blog but it's gonna take it's a um when
I first upload it I already told you
it's like three hundred something so I
think it's at like 160 now that's cool
and then I'm gonna oh my laptop is so
stupid hey guys so I'm gonna go swimming
so I'm just wearing this swimming suit I
got from Target it's gonna be my haul
and then my bottoms from Kohl's and my
top from Kohl's so Olaf gals darn shame
guard cool um we bought our tickets for
the suit fall show for Jimmy the bottom
like just now and then we looked at
tickets for meet-and-greet and that's
kind of like what my birthday present is
for my mom I think because it was a
phone or the meet-and-greet so I'm
pretty sure I'm gonna do the
meet-and-greet because it's the same
price to get a new phone
and I said I would pay for oops
no I want one I would I said I would pay
for my phone some of it hey guys so
we're done at the pool and this is what
it looks like cool yup we'll probably
come back tomorrow but it is closing
time it's like 10:30 we think I'm gonna
end my vlog so I'll see you guys